So I'm going to go to the think chair and I want you to pay attention to what I'm doing
in the think chair to calm myself down.
So the teacher has just told me to go to the think chair.
(deep breathing sounds)
What did you notice that I did when I was there?
What did I do?
Fanna?
Sit quietly.
Okay. What else?
Deborah?
You didn't talk to anybody but yourself.
So what did I do?
You took a deep breath
and you felt like you were in deep comfort.
Maraki?
You were inhaling and exhaling
to make you calm.
Okay. Same idea?
Angel?
You weren't running.
What did I do instead?
You walked and you . . . sat down quietly,
and you stopped talking.
Okay, and one more — Fanna?
You didn't go, "Aww . . ."
Okay what did I do?
Stayed quiet.
So I need someone who can go over there
and show us three, quiet deep breaths to calm yourself down.
Three quiet deep breaths. Marcus show us that.
Let's watch Marcus and see what we notice.
What did you notice?
What did he do well? Kidus?
He sat down quietly
and he came back quietly.
What did he do while he was in the chair?
What did you notice? Taylor?
He was relaxing, not looking toward anyone instead of looking towards the people who . . . you were talking to, he looked up at the sky.
I need someone else to show . . .
go into the think chair and three, deep quiet breaths
Madisyn, go show us that.
Let's watch Madisyn
and see what she does while she's in the think chair.
During the day today, I might come over to you and I might say, "Hey, Catherine, I want you to go to the think chair
and practce the three deep breaths."
Okay? So today if I tell you that
it's not because you were doing something that I need to send you to the think chair for,
if I say, "I want you to go practice," then I want you to practice
what we just learned today.